Predeploy -> Preinstall (#8964)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: specs/glossary.md

All predeploy contracts are specified in the [predeploys specification][./predeploys.md].

## Preinstalled Contract ("Preinstall")

> [presintall]: glossary.md#preinstalled-contract-preinstall

Reviewer: small typo
```suggestion
[preinstall]: glossary.md#preinstalled-contract-preinstall
```

A contract placed in the L2 genesis state (i.e. at the start of the chain). These contracts do not share the same

> security guarantees as [predeploys](#preinstalled-contract-preinstall), but are general use contracts made

Reviewer: This `predeploys` ref link should refer to the predeploy section right?
```suggestion
security guarantees as [predeploys](#predeployed-contract-predeploy), but are general use contracts made
```
